Added Elasticsearch GPU indexing support and documentation | Moved elasticsearch auth docs in `elasticsearch-configuration.md` (#494)
NVIDIA-AI-Blueprints/rag: docs/mig-deployment.md

    For more details, see instructions [here](https://docs.nvidia.com/nim-operator/latest/install.html).

> 11. Install the ECK (Elastic Cloud on Kubernetes) operator. Elasticsearch is the default vector database for this chart; the ECK operator manages Elasticsearch on Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Install the ECK operator. Elasticsearch is the default vector database for this chart; the ECK operator manages Elasticsearch on Kubernetes.
```

    ```sh
    helm repo add elastic https://helm.elastic.co
    helm repo update
    helm install elastic-operator elastic/eck-operator -n elastic-system --create-namespace
    ```

>     If you replace the default stack with Milvus or another backend only and disable chart-managed Elasticsearch, you do not need the ECK operator—see [Vector database configuration](change-vectordb.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you switch from the default stack to Milvus or another standalone backend and turn off the chart-managed Elasticsearch, the ECK operator is no longer required. See [Vector database configuration](change-vectordb.md) for details.
```
